Assignment #2

 

Make a Fraction class with two int members (numerator and denominator). Create the following member functions:

 

1. Create an Input function to allow the user to enter the numerator and denominator. Make sure to have exception or if condition to deal with a denominator of 0 (zero).
2. Create a Print function which will print out the Fraction in the form numerator/denominator … i.e. 2/3


1. Empty constructor which initializes the Fraction zero
2. A one-parameter constructor for just a numerator (int). This would make the Fraction represent a whole number.
3. A one-parameter constructor with a double. This would make a Fraction by multiplying the double by 100000, then creating a numerator and denominator as the result. For example; PI, 3.14159, would be saved in a Fraction object as 314159/100000
4. A two-parameter constructor with both numerator (int) and denominator (int). This would make a Fraction with both a numerator and denominator

5. Add function taking a Fraction as a parameter and returning a Fraction
6. Subtract function taking a Fraction as a parameter and returning a Fraction
7. Multiply function taking a Fraction as a parameter and returning a Fraction
8. Divide function taking a Fraction as a parameter and returning a Fraction
9. Add function taking two Fractions as parameters and updating the current object
10. Subtract function taking two Fractions as parameters and updating the current object
11. Multiply function taking two Fractions as parameters and updating the current object
12. Divide function taking two Fractions as parameters and updating the current object
 

Make sure to use exception handling in the event there is ever a divide by zero or any other error condition that would cause the program to terminate unexpectedly.

 

In the main program, create a looping menu driven interface, which allows the user to enter in two Fractions using the Input() function and a mathematical operation. After the operation, print the Fraction result using the Print() function. The loop ends when the user enters Q or q to quit for the math operation.